Retrieve the names of all employees working in the 'Marketing' department along with their job titles.
Get the list of countries in the 'Europe' region along with their cities.
Find the total number of employees who have worked in the 'IT_PROG' job in the past.
List the department names and the number of employees in each department.
Retrieve the full details of the 'President' job along with the names of employees currently holding this job.
Find the names and salaries of all employees who report to the manager with employee_id 100.
Get the details of locations where the 'Administration' department is situated.
Retrieve the employee_id, start_date, and end_date for all job history records where the department_id is 110.
List all job titles along with the number of employees currently holding each job.
Get the list of cities along with their corresponding country names.
Find the names of employees who have worked in multiple departments.
Get the details of all employees who have a salary greater than 20000.
Retrieve the names of all departments located in 'Tokyo'.
Find the average salary for each job in the company.
List the region names along with the number of countries in each region.
Retrieve the list of employees who have 'Manager' in their job title.
Find the names of all employees and their corresponding department names.
List the job titles and the number of employees who have a commission_pct greater than 0.
Get the total salary of all employees in the 'Purchasing' department.
Retrieve the list of all departments and their managers' names.
Get the names of all employees who were hired after 2015 along with their hire dates.
Find the details of employees who have worked in the 'AC_ACCOUNT' job.
List the countries and the number of locations in each country.
Get the names of all managers and the number of employees they manage.
Retrieve the list of all job titles and the minimum salary associated with each job.
Find the names of all employees who work in the 'Administration' department.
Get the total number of employees working in each region.
List the names of all employees and the city they are located in.
Retrieve the details of the location where the 'Purchasing' department is situated.
Find the highest salary in each department.