What is the appointment that started most recently?
List the name of physicians who took some appointment.
What are the names of all the physicians who took appointments.
List the name of physicians who never took any appointment.
Find the names of all physicians and their primary affiliated departments' names.
What is the name of the patient who made the most recent appointment?
Count the number of patients who stayed in room 112.
How many patients' prescriptions are made by physician JOHN DORIAN
show patients' prescriptions made by physician JOHN DORIAN?
Find the name of medication used on the patient who stays in room 111
What is the name of the nurse has the most appointments?
How many patients do each physician take care of? List their names and number of patients they take care of.
How many rooms does each block floor have?
What is the names of the physicians who prescribe medication Thesisin?
Find the name and position of physicians who prescribe some medication whose brand is X?
Find the patient who has the most recent undergoing treatment?
List the names of all distinct nurses ordered by alphabetical order?
List the names of all distinct medications, ordered in an alphabetical order.
What are the names of the physician who prescribed the highest dose?
Find the physician who prescribed the highest dose. What is his or her name?
What nurses are on call with block floor 1 and block code 1? Tell me their names.
What are the highest cost, lowest cost and average cost of medical procedures?
List the name and cost of all medical procedures sorted by the cost from the highest to the lowest.
Sort the list of names and costs of all procedures in the descending order of cost.
Find the three most expensive medical procedures.
Find the names of procedures which physician JOHN WEN was trained in.
Find the name of physicians who are affiliated with both SURGERY and PSYCHIATRY departments.
Find the names of patients who are not using the medication of Procrastin-X.
show all the appointments
What are the distinct names of nurses on call?